Dear Hiring Manager,

My name is Alexandru Ciurel, I’m from Romania and I’m in my second semester of studies at the  Business Academy Aarhus, IT Technology AP programme. I’m a sincere, open-minded and ambitious person driven to accomplish all my duties as better as possible. I’m also a continuous learner and I’m confident in my abilities to resolve any IT problem that I encounter.

As you can see from my attached CV I have prior experience in a similar position where I handled tasks related to network administration, working mainly on Cisco/Juniper routers/switches/firewalls and on Linux servers (CentOS being the main distribution).
Through responsibilities of my work position I've developed, in a practical manner, my most valuable skills: logically troubleshooting and resolving issues related to IT systems, analysis capacity, working under high pressure and planning operations. Besides the daily duties of the job (tickets/e-mails), I was involved in some data center operations and a couple of projects that had a similar purpose: renewing all the network appliances in our company's branch locations. For these projects, I had to get the equipment (usually consisting of routers, switches and access points) out of the box, configure them, test them, ship them to location, plan the actual operation and finally travel to the specific location to actually install the new equipment and to offer a small window of support for my colleagues.

I have a mindset for automating the most mundane tasks of my job through scripting/programming. I’ve gathered the experience for this in my education courses at UPB & BAA (OOP, Data Structures, Algorithms). The languages that I’m most comfortable with are Python/SHELL/Java, but I’ve used C/C++ as well. I also have basic knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScript.

I’m an experienced user of Microsoft Office programs (Excel, Word, Visio) and on most popular operations systems (Windows, MacOS, Linux) as I used them in the past as my daily drivers.

As hobbies, I enjoy playing table tennis or football.




I hope my profile fits your requirements and I would like to be part of your team.


Best regards,
Alexandru Ciurel
